Enhance documentation about applying ACL on top of regular permissions (#814)
nextcloud/groupfolders: README.md

_Advanced Permissions_ allows entitled users to configure permissions inside groupfolders on a per file and folder basis.

> Permissions are configured by setting one or more of "Read", "Write", "Create", "Delete" or "Share" permissions to "allow" or "deny". Any permission not explicitly set will inherit the permissions from the parent folder. If multiple configured ACL permissions for a single file or folder apply for a single user (such as when a user belongs to multiple groups), the "allow" permission will overwrite any "deny" permission. Denied permissions configured for the groupfolder itself cannot be overwritten to "allow" permissions by the ACL rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions are configured by setting one or more of "Read", "Write", "Create", "Delete" or "Share" permissions to "allow" or "deny". Any permission not explicitly set will inherit the permissions from the parent folder. If multiple configured advanced permissions for a single file or folder apply for a single user (such as when a user belongs to multiple groups), the "allow" permission will overwrite any "deny" permission. Denied permissions configured for the group folder itself cannot be overwritten to "allow" permissions by the advanced permission rules.
```

- corrected syntax: groupfolders > group folders
- replaced "ACL" with "advanced permissions" to avoid unexplained abbreviations
